hey guys how's it going so today I have
an awesome video for you guys showing
you how to get a free monkey costume so
as you guys know Club Penguin is owned
by Disney and Disney is coming out with
a movie called monkey Kingdom on April
17th so it's kind of promote this Club
Penguin is giving away a free monkey
costume so it's really really simple all
you have to do is go into their home
page it's the second slide here and
click free item and it kind of just
explains a few things here so it says
for every costume unlock luffing will
donate one u.s. dollar up to $50,000
dollars to improve monkey habitat excuse
this code a monkey for you and so far
972 costumes have been unlocked and 972
dollars have been donated so let's click
unlock item I'm gonna use my secondary
account because the first time I did it
accidentally log into my well p11 so I
log into my second account on here just
so that I can get this item and it
actually is a very cool item it's
doesn't have any special dances because
we didn't specify but it looks really
cool so let's take this in attacking
monkey
[Music]
go and that's what it looks like so
let's go put it on and test it out let's
go on to Google owns a hockey
and we're gonna take a look at what this
monkey costume looks like okay so whoops
haven't been on this account yet so
we're gonna exit out of this okay nice
all right so let's go put this on we're
gonna take this costume off and we're
gonna go put on this monkey costume and
this bear costume over here we actually
got fur I think it was something about
going green a while back it was pretty
much the same concept as this one so
there we go let's put it on and it looks
pretty cool now let's see if there's any
special no there's no special dance but
it does look cool and I would recommend
getting it now because in about three
weeks when the movie does come out I'm
sure Club Penguin is going to take this
code out or they're gonna just give you
500 coins for it so in about two to
three weeks
I'd give it that's when Club Penguin's
gonna take it away so do it now while
you still have a chance and I get the
item it is really really cool so I hope
you guys did enjoy this video and yeah
with that said I'll see you all tomorrow
for the party I have an awesome day take
[Music]